<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "urn:pubid:zenoss.com:doctypes:dita:dtd:reference" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="referenceid">
  <title>(ZenJMX) Java Management Extensions</title>
  <shortdesc>The <zenpack>ZenPacks.zenoss.ZenJMX</zenpack> ZenPack adds the <cmdname>zenjmx</cmdname> daemon, 
    which communicates with remote Java Management
    Extensions (JMX) agents, to collect data from Java-based applications.</shortdesc>
  <refbody>
    <section>
      <p>This ZenPack defines a data source named
        <codeph outputclass="literal">JMX</codeph> that allows you to query any single or
        complex-value attribute, or invoke an MBean operation. It also comes with
        a built-in template named <codeph outputclass="literal">Java</codeph> that contains MBean
        information for a few beans built into the JVM.</p><note>
          <p>This ZenPack also includes a built-in template named
            <codeph outputclass="literal">ZenJMX</codeph>. This template should be used only on devices
            running Java applications that make information available through JMX.
            To monitor other Java applications, use the included Java
            template.</p>
        </note><p>When the <cmdname>zenjmx</cmdname> daemon is started it communicates
          with its <cmdname>zenhub</cmdname> daemon and retrieves a list of devices that possess
          <codeph outputclass="literal">JMX</codeph> data sources. It also spawns a Java process. 
          The <cmdname>zenjmx</cmdname> daemon asynchronously issues queries for each of those devices to the Java
          process via XML-RPC. The Java process then collects the data from the Java
          application to be monitored, and returns the results to the <cmdname>zenjmx</cmdname> daemon. Any
          collection or configuration errors are sent as events to <ph conkeyref="names/platform"/> 
          and  appear in the event console.</p>
      <p>Also, the <cmdname>zenjmx</cmdname> daemon sends heartbeat data to its <cmdname>zenhub</cmdname> daemon 
        after each collection attempt, to let <ph conkeyref="names/platform"/> know it is still alive and
            well.</p>
    </section>
  </refbody>
</reference>
