<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference
  PUBLIC "urn:pubid:zenoss.com:doctypes:dita:dtd:reference" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="d66e48"><title>JMX Background</title><refbody><section><p>The JMX technology is used throughout the Java Virtual Machine to
      provide performance and management information to clients. Using a
      combination of <cmdname>JConsole</cmdname> (Oracle's JMX client that is
      shipped with the JDK) and JMX, a system operator can examine the number
      of threads that are active in the JVM or change the log level. There are
      numerous other performance metrics that can be gleaned from the JVM, as
      well as several management interfaces that can be invoked that change
      the behavior of the JVM.</p><p>In Java 5, Oracle introduced the Remote API for Java Management
      Extensions. This enhancement defines an RMI wrapper around a JMX agent
      and allows for independent client development. The <cmdname>zenjmx</cmdname> daemon accesses remote
      JMX agents via the Remote API for Java Management Extensions. It
      currently does not support local connections (provided via the temporary
      directory) to JMX Agents. JMX also specifies the manner in which various
      protocols can be used to connect to clients, and send and receive
      information. The original, most commonly used protocol is RMI. The <cmdname>zenjmx</cmdname> daemon
      supports RMI and JMXMP connections.</p></section></refbody></reference>
